Switch to `rustc-josh-sync` (#966)
rust-lang/compiler-builtins: CONTRIBUTING.md

[`iai-callgrind-runner`]: https://crates.io/crates/iai-callgrind-runner
[Valgrind]: https://valgrind.org/

## Subtree synchronization

> `compiler-builtins` is included as a [Josh subtree](https://rustc-dev-guide.rust-lang.org/external-repos.html#josh-subtrees) in the main compiler repository (`rust-lang/rust`). You can find a guide on how to create synchronization (pull and push) PRs [here](https://rustc-dev-guide.rust-lang.org/external-repos.html#synchronizing-a-josh-subtree).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`compiler-builtins` is included as a [Josh subtree] in the main compiler
repository (`rust-lang/rust`). You can find a guide on how to create synchronization
(pull and push) PRs at the [`rustc-dev-guide` page].

[Josh subtree]: https://rustc-dev-guide.rust-lang.org/external-repos.html#josh-subtrees
[`rustc-dev-guide` page]: https://rustc-dev-guide.rust-lang.org/external-repos.html#synchronizing-a-josh-subtree
```
